Monkey testing https://www.saucedemo.com/cart.html

Evaluation of quality in use:
1.	Functionality - 1 
 The application has multiple functional issues ranging from UI elements like the logo not being clickable,
which is a common user expectation, to more critical ones such as the inability to change item quantities and buttons not responding. 
These problems suggest that there are several bugs that prevent users from completing standard e-commerce tasks smoothly,
which significantly impacts the overall functionality of the website. And as customer we would not use this application,
probably it would be enough with two errors for us to close the application.
It does not seem to be reliable enough for us to spend our money there or leave our credentials in it.
2.	Usability – 2
Cached application issues lead to a frustrating user experience, as users face difficulties in completing basic tasks like browsing items,
updating their shopping cart and checking out. Error explanation messages are incomplete and are not fully displayed. This website should work 
as e-commerce platform allowing users to select and purchaser items, but it does not do it all the time, so it isn’t very useful.
As for time for learning then users do not need much time to understand the layout of the application because it is typical layout of the e-commerce site.
Language for items descriptions seems fine, but there was that name “T - Shirt” divided into two lines. Items are missing product description messages 
with dimensions, colors, sizes. 
3.	Accessibility - 2
Visual impairment – for low vision check I zoomed in for 200%. Then I clicked to menu and All items, this menu stays open and product images are not shown 
because menu covers them. I checked this application in https://userway.org/accessibility-checker/?url=https://www.saucedemo.com
It Accessibility score is 59%, it found 3 violations and High lawsuit risk. For blind 3 fail (2 times form field lacks a <label> element and heading level skipped),
for deafblind 2 fail (form field lacks a <label> element). When checking application with NVDA screen reading software user can’t access all without mouse, because 
all elements are not properly labeled. And since not all of UI elements function correctly then visually impaired people can’t use this application. 
Pluss for this website is that for all of its images there is alt text, which describes the image content. 
People with seizure disorders can use this application because there isn’t flashing content.
For cognitive impaired people this application isn’t simple to use because not all of its UI elements function and isn’t reliable all the time and 
this can be very frustrating. For people with motor impairment it is a big minus that you can’t navigate thought the application using only keyboard 
and not all items are clickable

